Updates tutorial for 0.17.X (#3047)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/tutorial/02-project-structure.md

<Tabs groupId="js-ts">
  <TabItem value="js" label="JavaScript">

>     The default project uses TypeScript. To use JavaScript, you must manually rename the file

Author: The `minimal` starter uses Typescript by default, so I had to reverse the note :)

>     The default project uses TypeScript. To use JavaScript, you must manually rename the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, Wasp will create a TypeScript project. We recommend using TypeScript in new projects, and you can always mix-and-match TypeScript and JavaScript files.
    
    To use JavaScript in the main page, you must manually rename the file
```

I'd gently steer users towards TS

    `src/MainPage.jsx` to `src/MainPage.tsx`. Restart `wasp start` after you do this.

    No updates to the `main.wasp` file are necessary - it stays the same regardless of the language you use.

    After creating a new Wasp project and renaming the `src/MainPage.jsx` file, your project should look like this:
    After creating a new Wasp project, your project should look like this:

    ```
    .
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── main.wasp          # Your Wasp code goes here.
    ├── schema.prisma      # Your Prisma schema goes here.
    ├── package.json       # Your dependencies and project info go here.
    ├── public             # Your static files (e.g., images, favicon) go here.
    ├── main.wasp     # Your Wasp code goes here.
    ├── schema.prisma # Your database models go here.
    ├── package.json  # Your dependencies and project info go here.
    ├── public        # Your static files (e.g., images, favicon) go here.
    │   └── favicon.ico
    ├── src                # Your source code (TS/JS/CSS/HTML) goes here.
    ├── src           # Your source code (TS/React/Node.js) goes here.
    │   ├── Main.css

>     // highlight-next-line

Reviewer: Heads up, we're losing the highlight!

Author: I'll readd it in this PR: #3048

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
